March 2023 Updates (#1320)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2023-03/02-Custom Apps.md

---
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- GE
---

# Custom Apps
::: meta-data type="New" features="Connectivity" available="March" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="https://help.akeneo.com/serenity-connect-your-pim/what-is-an-app"

> Sometimes you need to extend the capabilities of your Akeneo PIM and the functionality doesn’t exist out-of-the-box. With Custom Apps from Akeneo you can meet your specific individualized business scenarios, like unique features or a custom look and feel, while still taking advantage of the Akeneo SaaS platform. Custom Apps are SaaS-compliant apps developed by you, the Akeneo customer, or a third-party developer that are available only to your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to extend the capabilities of your Akeneo PIM that is specific to your business. With Custom Apps from Akeneo you can meet your individualized business needs, like unique features or a custom look and feel, while still taking advantage of the Akeneo SaaS platform. Custom Apps are SaaS-compliant apps developed by you, the Akeneo customer, or a third-party developer that are available only to your organization.
```
